# Exercise 2: Explore Semantic Ranking in Azure AI Search

In this exercise, you will adjust the semantic ranker to improve the quality of the answers. The semantic ranker is responsible for ranking the retrieved documents based on their relevance to the query. By adjusting the ranker, you can improve the quality of the answers generated by the app.

## Step 1: Adjust the Semantic Ranker

1. From the Developer Settings panel, scroll down to the **Use semantic ranker for retrieval** checkbox and uncheck it. This will disable the semantic ranker for retrieval.

1. Close the panel and ask the following question:

    +++What is included in my Northwind Health Plus plan that is not in standard?+++

1. Now, open the Developer Settings panel again and check the **Use semantic ranker for retrieval** checkbox. This will enable the semantic ranker for retrieval.

1. Close the panel and ask the same question again and compare the answers. Which answer feels more accurate? In which response does the document order improve?

Next, we will test how well the app performs using a small set of tricky questions.

## Step 2: Test the App with Tricky Questions

Use any five of the following sample questions to test the app. You can ask the questions in any order. For each question, note the quality of the answer and the relevance of the citations.

- +++Can you explain the eligibility criteria for the Northwind Standard plan offered to Contoso employees?+++
- +++What are the financial implications of choosing an out-of-network provider under the Northwind Standard Benefits plans?+++
- +++How does Northwind Health Plus manage coinsurance for virtual care services?+++
- +++What's the impact of choosing in-network versus non-participating providers on your healthcare costs, and what are the exceptions to prior authorization that do not require prior approval?+++
- +++What are the limitations of the Right of Recovery provision in the Northwind Health Plus plan?+++
- +++What are the financial responsibilities of a Northwind Standard plan holder when using out-of-network providers?+++
- +++Does Northwind Health cover full costs?+++

For each answer, check out the process used to generate the answer by selecting the lightbulb icon in the answer.

In the **Thought process** tab, scroll through each step in the process. You can also select the **Supporting content** tab to easily see the associated search results.

Take note of the following:

- How many steps were used to generate the answer?
- Does the query re-writing step produce a better search query? Could it be improved?
- Do the search results seem relevant to the user's question?

## Next Step

> Select **Next >** to go to the next exercise on automated evaluation for retrieval modes. This exercise is optional.
